Project: Our project is updating the documentation, specifically making the Quickstart and Getting Started documentation more cohesive, revising outdated
or incorrect commands present in the install documentation, and reorganizing the table of contents for a better flow for the user.

In this Sprint we have began to update the .rst files in order to implement the flow outlined in our Design Documentation from Sprint 2. Specifically, we have updated the main toc tree so that the left hand side navigation table has the correct name changes and flow that we outlined in the Design Documentation. This is to help with understandability for the user and to create a better flow based on how a user would go through the installation process. 

We have also began to make changes inside the documents such as the index.rst which is the homepage of Augur. Here we have added the explanation of what Augur is to the top of the homepage as well as a Navigation portion which will help users understand whether they should go through the web server configuration and whether to choose Quickstart or the Detailed Installation for installing Augur based on their individual needs. 

Within the Web Server Configuration, previously the Deployment section, we have completely taken out the 'Setting Up an Augur Server' section due to how redundant it is with the Quickstart and Detailed installation. Since the user will be forced to go through either the Quickstart or Detailed Installation we felt that this section could be lost all together within the Deployment section, hence the name change of the section as well. We are also planning to add an example of how to launch an EC2 instance to this section and the memory/space requirements that would be necessary in the fourth Sprint. 

The Quickstart will be largely left alone, except for troubleshooting that we plan to add in the fourth Sprint. This will add common problems that we ran into during installation testing in order to help the user if they run into the same common problems during their installation process.

During this Sprint we have updated installation.rst within the Detailed Installation section, previously Getting Started, in order to make it flow in parallel with the Quickstart. We have changed the name of the section to add clarity for users. We have also made the macOS section into a link so that the flow for non-mac users is better. This makes the detailed insttallation more parallel with the quickstart, making it easier for users to switch back and forth between the installation guides, using the detailed installation to understand what the commands are doing in-depth. In the fourth Sprint we plan to add troubleshooting for common problems we ran into while testing to this section as well. The Collecting data, Augur's Frontend, and Command Line interface will be left as they were before as we did not feel these were within the scope of our project.

All of these changes can be seen within the .rst files within the augur/Sprint3/docs/source section of this branch. We have also added images from the site in the augur/Sprint3 section of this branch which shows the main changes that we have updated this site with. This is for ease of grading since some of the changes are more subtle. 

Explanation of each image:

The tableOfContents.png shows the updates we have made to the overall flow of the site, following the details and reasons made in our Design Document. This includes section name changes and the moving of sections in order to make it flow better with how a user would go about installation. These updates are in the toc tree within the index.rst file.

The augurHomeIndex.png shows the updates we have made to the index.rst which is the landing page for Augur. We have updated the flow so that the user has an understanding of what Augur is before they beginning looking any further into the project.

The navigationSection.png show the Navigation section that we have added to the index.rst, the landing home page for the site. This is to help guide users that do not know much about the installation of the project or the contents of the site so that they can choose the installation method that is preferred. 

The macWarning.png shows the changes made in the installation.rst in the Detailed Installation section of the site. This change takes out a section that is only for Mac users and changes it to a warning so that other users do not have to scroll all the way through instructions that might not be for them. This helps with making the flow more parallel with the Quickstart’s flow. 

The macSection.png shows the section that the link within the installation.rst in the Detailed Installation section of the site will send you. This is an additional .rst file, mac.rst, that also includes a link back to the installation page so that the user can continue on with the installation after doing the necessary updates, also helping with the flow of the site. 
