Project: Our project is updating the documentation, specifically making the Quickstart and Getting Started documentation more cohesive, revising outdated or incorrect commands present in the install documentation, and reorganizing the table of contents for a better flow for the user.

In this Sprint we have updated the Web Server Configuration section with an example of an EC2 instance launch. This will help any user who is not familiar with launching an instance and includes the best AMI, instance type, network settings, and storage that Augur will need to run properly on an EC2 Instance. We felt that this was an important addition as many students in the class struggled with storage, instance type, and network settings during the installation process of Augur in our class.

We have also made changes to the Quickstart. Here we have added a section detailing the choices the user should make when running 'make install-dev' that we have found running the installation of Augur several times. This was something that was confusing when we first had to do it ourselves, so we thought adding this section would help with ease of installation for users who are unfamiliar with it.

We have also added this detailed section to the Detailed Installation to make it cohesive with the Quickstart, so that whichever route the user decides to take they will be able to easily find help for common installation issues.

These changes along with the changes made in Sprint3 are all outlined in our Design Document which is also in this section. Some small changes have been made to the Design Document.

All of these changes can be seen within the .rst files within the augur/Sprint4/docs/source section of this branch. We have also added images from the site in the augur/Sprint4 section of this branch which shows the main changes that we have updated this site with. This is for ease of grading since some of the changes are more subtle.

Explanation of each image:

The EC2Page-1.png shows the top of the page that we added within the Web Server Configuration section. 

The EC2Page-2.png shows the bottom of the page that we added within the Web Server Configuration section.

The makeInstall.png show the addtion made to both the Quickstart and the Detailed Installation's Installation section. This serves as a guide to the questions posed during the 'make install-dev' command to help the user understand the correct choices to make, as the installation will not work without them.
